{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033 {\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss SYSTEM;}
{\f1\fswiss ARIAL;}
{\f2\froman TIMES NEW ROMAN;}
}

{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\paperw30000 \margr0\margl0\margt0\ATXph0 #{\footnote # Contents}
${\footnote $ Contents}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720 \f1 \fs48 \ul \ATXul1024 BeebEm 1.32 User Guide\par
\par
\fs28 \ulnone \ATXul0 BeebEm Controls\par
\uldb \ATXul1282 \cf2 Emulated Models\ulnone \ATXul0 \cf0 \f1 \fs28 \v \ATXv32000 Emulated_Models\v0\ATXv0  
\par
\uldb \ATXul1282 \cf2 Emulated hardware\ulnone \ATXul0 \cf0 \f1 \fs28 \v \ATXv32000 Emulated_Hardware\v0\ATXv0  \par
Disk Images\par
ROMs\par
State Files\par
Advanced Topics\par
\page
#{\footnote # Emulated_Hardware}
${\footnote $ Emulated Hardware}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720\fi45 \f1 \fs48 \ul \ATXul1024 Emulated Hardware\par
\fs24 \ulnone \ATXul0 \par
The hardware emulated by BeebEm is that of a standard BBC Micro Model B or Master 128 with a few small additions. The emulation is 
near enough accurate to run most software. The hardware emulated is as follows:\par
\par
\par
\ul \ATXul1024 Hardware common to both the Model B and Master 128\par
\ulnone \ATXul0 \par
74689 Sound chip with 3 tone channels and one noise channel.
\par
uPD7002 Analogue to Digital Convertor\par
32K RAM\par
6845 Cathode Ray Tube Controller (CRTC)\par
Acorn proprietry VIDPROC (Video Processor)\par
SAA5050 Teletext generator\par
System and User 6522 Versatile Interface Adaptors (VIAs)\par
"IC32" Ad
dressable latch\par
Full BBC MIcro keyboard\par
ROMSELect Register\par
\par
\par
\ul \ATXul1024 Model B Specific hardware\par
\ulnone \ATXul0 \par
Full 6502 Processor with all undocumented opcodes\par
Sixteen 16K Paged ROM banks, with Sideways RA
M option\par
16K OS ROM\par
8271 Floppy Disc Controller\par
\par
\par
\ul \ATXul1024 Master 128 Specific hardware\par
\ulnone \ATXul0 \par
65C12 Processor with all undocumented opcodes filled in with corresponding undocumented 6502 opcodes\par
Se
ven 16K Paged ROMs\par
Four 16K Sideways RAM banks\par
16K MOS ROM\par
20K Video Shadow RAM\par
8K Filing System RAM\par
4K Screen Operations RAM\par
1770 Floppy Disc controller\par
146818 Realtime Clock and CMOS RAM (50 bytes)\par
ACCess CONtrol
 register\par
\page
#{\footnote # Advanced_Topics_}
${\footnote $ Advanced Topics}
+{\footnote + Browse300000000:00000000}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720 \f2 \fs24  \page
#{\footnote # Emulated_Models}
${\footnote $ Contents}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720 \f1 \fs48 \ul \ATXul1024 Emulated Models\par
\fs24 \ulnone \ATXul0 \par
BeebEm emulates two Acorn BBC Micro models: The Model B, and the Master 128. \par
\par
The Mode
l B has 32K of RAM, 16K of Operating system ROM, and sixteen 16K Paged ROM slots. It uses a 6502 Processor, and the Intel 8271 Floppy disc controller. \par
\par
The Master 128 has 32K of "Main" RAM, 20K Video Shadow RAM, 8K Filing System RAM, 4K "Priva
te" RAM, 16K Operating system ROM, seven Paged ROMs, and 4 Paged "Sideways" RAM Banks. It uses the 65C12 Processor and the 1770 Floppy disc controller.\par
\par
All other hardware in both models is the same in both models. The only other addition to th
e Master 128 model is the use of 50 bytes of CMOS RAM and the Realtime Clock.\par
\page
#{\footnote # Model_B_Emulated_Layout}
${\footnote $ Model B Emulated Layout}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720 \f1 \fs24 Model B Emulated Layout\page
#{\footnote # Master128Layout}
${\footnote $ Master 128 Emulated Layout}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720 \f1 \fs24 Master 128 Emulated Layout\page
#{\footnote # Menus}
${\footnote $ Menus}
\pard \plain \fs20 \ATXts720 \f1 \fs48 \ul \ATXul1024 BeebEm Menus\par
\fs24 \ulnone \ATXul0 \par
\page
}